"Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning." By -Benjamin Franklin

"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value." By -Albert Einstein

"Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose." By -Bill Gates

"A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success." By -Doug Larson

"Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in." By -Bill Bradley

"Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do." By -Pele

"Success is where preparation and opportunity meet. By -Bobby Unser

"Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort." By -Franklin D. Roosevelt

"Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence." By -Colin Powell

"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." By -Henry Ford

"Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success." By -Virat Kohli

"Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge." By -Patricia Cornwell

"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." By -Winston Churchill

"The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda." By -John C. Maxwell

"However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at." By -Stephen Hawking

"Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success." By -Shiv Khera

"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." By -Winston Churchill

"Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success." By -Napoleon Hill

"Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen." By -Wayne Huizenga

"Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success." By -Swami Sivananda